

( UPDATE) !!!



system requirements phase:

user's requirements were collected and analyze thoroughly to ensure that the extracted requirements were as required by the user.
requirement were then refined to find if there any components that satisfy the  required features for the system.
 Components were selected carefully to meet our requirements and quality of the system

 needed components were determined as shown: (list of components) 


Market analysis:

Security and DBMS components can be bought as COTS products.
UI and Services components have to be developed from scratch due to the need of customization.
========

for  UI and Services components:


analysis and design:
each component wre designed indvidually 
after that,system was analysed and then a conceptual architecture were designed, where system were decomposed into modules and submodules.
after that, implementation architecture  were designed, where components were identified and implemented 

finally, a deployment architecture were made to complete the design phase for the system

=============

Implementation :

It was discovered that an adaptation was essentail for the existing components to be compatible with each other , so adapter adaptation method were used.

Component interfaces for some components were modified were modified to be perfectly matched with other components' interfaces



Integration:

Integration of components were done in both the design and implementation phases to make  it easier during the testing phase
However, an integration phase is required so components can be put toghether and integrated into the system framework

Testing:

testing was done throughout the  process; individual components were tested during the design phase and eash assembly were tested in the implementation phase.
finally, the all system was tested during this phase.

Release:

the components were carefully packed  and prepared for installation and delievry

Maintenance:
System maintenace is done onthly by replacing an existin component or by introducing a new component to the system by findin a proper component, test it ,adopt it ,and integrate it into the system


For security and DBMS:

find :
components that provide the needed functions and perfectly fit in our system were selected  carefully from the availble market's components 

Select:

Among the initial candidates components ,the most suitable components were selected to be used 

verify:

 each component functional properties were tested in isolation 

new and old components were integrated in an assembly and  the whole system were tested 

store:

the selected components were stored in a component repositry 

essential data about components was stoed as well like : test and tests results, purhcase date and components' performance.







 
























